# wawaho_burgers_and_fries
What if intellectually disabled adults had access to menu items so clear that their needs were met without a communication barrier? In comes Wawaho Burgers and Fries. 
Abstract: I am starting this Read-Me at the beginning of the project, as opposed to the end. We have been asked to create a very unique app wherein hamburgers are served.I have a fabulous family member who has very eclectic tastes. For example, two situations will make her visibly angry: 1. having her hair brushed, and 2. being offered a hotdog. She has to touch every food item with two E.T.-like fingers to make sure that they are acceptable from a tactile standpoint. She loves muffins and french fries. She will ask other people if they want french fries in a very sweet voice that really means, "I do not particularly care about your french fry needs. However, I myself would like french fries now. Pwease." Add to this the fact that she has inherited freakish upper-body strength from my mother, and literally nothing is off limits. As a child, she once sat down with a large family and began eating their pizza. She had platinum blonde pigtails at the time, and they were very accomodating, if surprised. 
In all seriousness, I consistently think about putting together a repository for said loved one. She knows exactly what she wants. It is not her problem that other people can't understand her very real need to communicate. I cannot fathom the frustration of being brilliant enough to sing in different languages, but not be able to communicate to a stranger that I will never eat a hot dog in my life for reasons you don't know, and if you try to give me one, I will be pissed. Now, about those muffins...
In said loved one's vernacular, "wawaho" means wonderful. My cold, black heart melts a little at hearing it. Wawaho is all-encompassing. Everything is fabulous. Everything is going to be okay all the time, even when it's not. Therefore, the burgers served at Wawaho Burgers and Fries are perfect all of the time. They might need to be cut into quarters. They might need to be tapped with two fingers. They might need to be held above one's face so one can determine that they are a legit burger. They might be eaten in the middle of watching "The Little Mermaid", which is the greatest Disney movie of all time, and came out in 1989. It was also the part of the cinematic rennaisance that saved Disney from bankruptcy, and is in fact the only animated movie wherein an octopus woman shimmies and obsessively reapplies her lipstick. But I digress...
Programs and Devices Used: It is my understanding that I am to use MYSQL, Heroku, the command line,seed.sql,and other things. I am going to bed now so that I may engage in project work tomorrow, and not become a "POOR....UN...FORTUNATE......SOUUUUUULLLLLLLL....". Fosse. Back soon.  
Unfortunately and fortunately, I knew that if I connected this with someone dear to me, I would work harder. I have a deployable app in Heroku. It's not a cooperative app, but it's an app nonetheless. I cannot for the life of me connect MYSQL and Jaws_DB. I know that I will know how to do this soon. I connected Github and Heroku. I answered somebody else's question about SQL correctly. Somebody check the basement for pod people. I want this to be the most amazing app in the whole wide world because I love this person more than life itself. I coded out a burger. I followed directions(thank you). I inserted pipelines or some such things. I have a CSS burger that does not move from right to left. I do have SQL data(I am not permitted save SQL files). I copy/pasted my code. I didn't do the string or the boolean, but I connected Heroku and Github. The command line does not acknowledge Heroku create. I do not know why. I worked crazy hard on this, and I know that I can make a dancing burger in my sleep now. Perhaps I could add snowflakes.
Programs Used: Code snippet/tutorial from CodePen to try to build burger. The silent mp4 video. Jaws Maria, and Jaws SQL. Heidi(which does not work on Macs...the more I know). Heroku, Github, SQL QuickStart Guide(by Walter Shields), the digitalocean article that Bart posted which pretty much saved me, GitHub, the cat activity, Mac Air, resillience.
This is dedicated to somebody who is a better human being than I can ever be on my best day. The Ursula burger was conceived for many reasons. One of them was that Ursula was used as a curse word against my mother whenever she brushed said person's hair. If you think about it, calling your mother an obese sea witch is a pretty sick burn. Now she says it to me once in a while. That's okay. Thanks,gentlemen.
